"Okay, find this offering in the way the Buddha has completed. The stream reaches of the Dharma K
ala people. The desire is an amazing kind of thing."
"Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you for your time and your opportunity to participate in this
ceremony. Thank you for your time and your opportunity to participate in this ceremony."
"Thank you for your time and your opportunity to participate in this ceremony. Thank you for your
time and your opportunity to participate in this ceremony. Thank you for your time and your
opportunity to participate in this ceremony."
"Thank you for your time and your opportunity to participate in this ceremony. Thank you for your
time and your opportunity to participate in this ceremony. Thank you for your time and your
opportunity to participate in this ceremony."
"Thank you for your time and your opportunity to participate in this ceremony. Thank you for your
time and your opportunity to participate in this ceremony. Thank you for your time and your
opportunity to participate in this ceremony."
"Thank you for your time and your opportunity to participate in this ceremony. Thank you for your
time and your opportunity to participate in this ceremony."